DRIVER CHECKLIST - PORTABLE WINDOWS x64 TEST APP

No installation of VS Code, Node.js or .NET is required.
This is an unsigned application. Follow company IT policy; do not bypass
security warnings or controls. Ask IT for approval if running it is blocked.

1. Extract the entire ZIP to a local folder. Do not run it inside the ZIP.
2. Ensure the downloaded register exists:
   C:\Users\a6bn\Downloads\Regnummer.xlsx
3. Double-click Start-DriverChecklist.cmd (or DriverChecklist.Api.exe).
4. Your browser opens http://localhost:5080.
   Keep the console window open while using the app. Stop with Ctrl+C.
   If the browser does not open, open the address manually.

The entire folder is required, not only the executable.
Only one instance can use port 5080. Do not expose the application to the network.

CONFIGURATION
Edit portable.json with Notepad while the app is stopped.
Backslashes in JSON paths must be doubled, for example:
  "Path": "C:\\Users\\a6bn\\Downloads\\Regnummer.xlsx"
Restart after changing settings. The register is read-only and is never
written back. It is a downloaded snapshot, not a live SharePoint connection.
Reload the browser after replacing the register with a newer copy.

CHECKLIST TEMPLATES
The Templates folder must contain:
  Ny 1 Saltsyra , Pix, mm. Tankar MED skyddande beläggning.xlsx
  Ny 2 Svavelsyra 94,97 och 98 Fennosize. Tankar UTAN skyddande beläggning.xlsx
Templates.Path can also be an absolute Windows folder path.
Type 3 (ALS/LUT) has no supplied template.

TEST SCOPE
The import reads vehicles, drivers, uniquely matched ADR dates and hauliers.
Vehicle cells containing only a registration number are accepted; missing
tank code and approval date remain blank, with a warning for manual review.
Complete entries elsewhere for the same registration can fill missing fields.
Multiple registrations in one trailer cell are imported individually.
Link means trailer 1 and Trailer means trailer 2 when both appear.
Trailer-only rows are available under other registered trailers.
Invalid/partial dates and short years stay blank. Conflicting vehicle fields
or container numbers stay blank with row-specific warnings; enter the current
information manually. Unclear entries do not block the rest of the register.
Missing/ambiguous ADR dates remain blank and show warnings. A clear date for
the same full driver name on another row can resolve a missing date.
Conflicting dates remain blank. Verify the selected truck and ADR card.
Inspection dates/compartments are not imported. Review and fill in tank
details using first-page editing before printing. Self-loading permission
is not inferred from being listed in the register.
Container annotations attached to a trailer automatically select its TC
checkbox and fill the container number when that trailer is selected.
Container inspection dates are separate from the trailer approval date.
This is a functional test package, not a complete basis for real loading.

TROUBLESHOOTING
Startup error: read the console; close any other app instance using port 5080.
Import error: check portable.json, the workbook path and the import warning.
File locked: close Excel and reload the browser.
If you only see demo data, check that you started the extracted portable
package and did not clear MasterData.Path.

PRIVACY
Do not publish this folder/ZIP when it contains company templates or data.
Keep Regnummer.xlsx outside the package. Transfer privately using an approved
company channel. The app needs no external server to operate; the register
and generated checklists stay on the local machine.
